Update Blackfire and other observability tools documentation (#1877)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: docs/src/integrations/overview.md

Platform.sh supports native integrations with multiple services, first and foremost Git hosting services such as GitHub, GitLab, or Bitbucket.  You can continue to use those tools for your development workflow, and have Platform.sh environments created automatically for your pull requests and branches.

> You can also add our native integrations with performance monitoring tools. Platform.sh owns and recommends [Blackfire](/integrations/observability/blackfire.md).By using Blackfire on Platform.sh, you will benefit from an enhanced experience and support, as well as upcoming unique features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also add native integrations with performance monitoring tools. Platform.sh recommends [Blackfire](/integrations/observability/blackfire.md), which is part of the standard Platform.sh Observability Suite.
```
